= GenerateTestrunnerDocumentation

The generate_reports script parses through the testrunner tests and extracts the category, featureID, feature, scenario, filename and regression flag.

The generate_comments script parses through the testrunner tests and extracts all the comments in the test.

= Ruby 1.9.2

* We recommend using RVM to install Ruby

rvm install ruby-1.9.2-p290

rvm use ruby-1.9.2-p290

= Running Generate Reports Script

ruby generate_reports_doc.rb ../MyTest.xml for a single test

or

ruby generate_reports_doc.rb ../*.xml for all tests

or

ruby generate_reports_doc.rb ../another wildcard for specified tests

= Running Generate Comments Script

ruby generate_comments.rb ../MyTest.xml for a single test

or

ruby generate_comments.rb ../*.xml for all tests

or

ruby generate_comments.rb ../another wildcard for specified tests

== Contributing to GenerateTestrunnerDocumentation
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kevin O'Connell. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

